do you think this is iPhone yeah you're
wrong oh it's okay what's up guys
welcome to the Third Street Promenade
today we are taking my sony a7s which is
a great mirrorless camera taking
pictures similar to like a DSLR and then
the new iPhone 8 plus in portrait mode
we're going to take pictures with each
and then we're gonna get people to guess
which one is the iPhone portrait mode to
make things better we have a special
guest making a hundred percent see me in
your glasses so she's gonna be our
professional iPhoneography for this shoe
we're gonna try to give the pictures to
look identical
so we can
I'm not sure but I think it'll be it's
gonna be exciting okay okay photoshoot
time yeah yeah okay psychic you need to
be your first oh okay so this is for
every single shot we'll take it on the
iPhone whether it's a portrait mode or
just a normal picture and then the
amazing photographer Justine Pippi lines
up the iPhone lines up the Sony and then
you just gotta get that perfume hi
Philip II gotta get that perfect it's
bring it yeah yeah yeah okay your
impressions as of right now I do you
think people are gonna be fooled I need
to see the problem is like unless
they're gonna zoom in and like inspect
the hairline
your eyes look at every little detail
and I think they're gonna be fooled you
have no idea
fancy DSLR cameras and mirrorless
cameras have purposes outside of taking
pretty pictures and perfect light you
get them so you can add on different
lenses you can get wide and long lenses
and so you can get different shots
they're all so much better at low light
but when you have a perfect beautiful
day and you're just out and about the
gap has closed quite a lot in between
phones and fancy cameras
[Music]
okay guys we got all the shots and now
we're gonna load them up on the iPhone
next to each other and we're gonna go
ask people which one is the iPhone
picture I think they're looking pretty
similar so we'll see if the general
public will be able to tell let's go
[Music]
another day I'm here on Third Street
Promenade and it's time to put these
pictures to the test is Takeda then
together
it is the iPhone first expensive DSLR
mirrorless camera in the first person up
is we're gonna let her try first and I'm
gonna kind of like egg her on to see if
I think she's right I'm nervous I know
the quality of both of them are good me
I think we taking incredible pictures
right okay firebase is so close to each
other I kind of want to say that the
right one is behind and I think the left
one is iPhone oh there we go
which one is iPhone the one on the right
we put right with the picture I just
need more like I just don't know I'm
trash but I think this one is the most
obvious out of all okay I probably get
it wrong yeah
the kind of whether the left side final
answer ding-ding down yes all right
the very last one which I think this one
is actually I forgot which one was what
I thought I saw a dog okay
police which one okay it's the iPhone No
five seconds four three two one
okay I'm gonna say okay because I take
so many pictures on boats okay so this
is iPhone first sony a7s do you feel the
pressure I do feel a little pressure
especially because I just got a Sony
camera so I feel like I know pressures
on and I'm about to get the ate right
now so I'm going to show you a few
pictures an iPhone picture next to a
fancy camera picture is your goal to
choose the iPhone picture
all right which one do you think is the
iPhone iPhone okay I'm gonna I'm gonna
go with the right thing iPhone you're
wrong oh okay I thought the one on the
right was yeah no the left is the iPhone
Wow so the one with like better details
of the iPhone that's crazy
you heard it here first we're gonna get
a hard one for this guy here we go this
is crazy they're both so good I'm gonna
say is I thought got it right okay all
right so here we go
which one no no it's not okay so here
are two pictures side by side which one
do you think is the iPhone
I think that's one yes that's right this
one I actually I took a picture and I
didn't know which was which so I'm gonna
go I phone the game right side yes
you're right okay so this is Justine
here no no no all right let's see we had
other one oh yes we do we've got one
more what do you think this one okay
you're so fast like this is incredible
you basically got them all right let's
see if we have one more I'm gonna say
the right one is the Sony the left one
is I yes the right one is iPhone yeah
yeah that's the one you missed
Oh watch it's really good not gonna
light both photos like fresh side which
one is the iPhone pictures you got it
right okay all right what about this one
no we stumped her we did we only got one
yeah this is actually the iPhone one
that's what I said just out with and
then I checked on mine
to be fair she did say the left one
first and then changed her mind so this
is the Arizona one no it's actually the
one on the left
others Marisa
so final thoughts great pictures that
was super fun to see what people said
honestly people think better than I
thought they did and it was kind of
crazy without last one that we had when
she named them off so fast yeah
yes this one yes that's right this one I
say again yes that was the iPhone like
we all were studying and yeah it's
trying too hard to like figure out she
was that honest yes and I think the
moral of the story here it's like the
best camera it's gonna be the camera on
you and so when you have a fancy
mirrorless or DSLR you're gonna be able
to shoot better in low light you can
have different focal lengths you know
you can shoot far away you can get wide
so there's more options but the ice it's
pretty good I mean it's a great point
and shoot and then do a comparison with
like six other cellphones which it was
kind of crazy because I was surprised
how good the pixel image actually took
some really incredible pictures right
and you put them all side by side you're
gonna start taking things apart so
honoring like you said whatever you have
with you that's gonna be the best right
it just phones these days I don't get it
but they're just amazing I'm impressed I
love the future I know the future is now
it is here right now it's like your
chance on YouTube I mean it's September
there's so many things being released so
if you guys need to stay up-to-date with
tech to really go subscribe to this
beautiful facebooking what did we decide
on is it the less
I don't remember yeah right me wearing
right okay so hey guys make sure to
subscribe to Justine's channel yeah
right here it is right oh thank you so
much thank you so much blood okay guys
remember to let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below and until next time we should tell
them to turn on alert Bluebell Josh
Fattal mother-father Bell button there
we go oh my gosh YouTube videos where
you need the public and you have to stop
and ask people to be on camera and I
keep saying no what do you everyone
keeps saying oh so I guess the next step
is just to pretend like I am her fan and
hopefully fans will come so if you are
at like 3rd Street Promenade in Santa
Monica let us know and if you want to be
in a video
you should come find us we're walking
around by the AMC shy by the Urban
Outfitters come
[Music]
you